the spider-man far from home trailer is
about to play but if you haven't seen
Avengers end game yet stop watching
because there's some serious spoilers
about to come up but if you have seen
Avengers in game enjoy the trailer
everywhere I go I see his face just
really miss him I miss him too
I don't think Tony would have done what
he did if he didn't know that you were
gonna be here after he was gone
you gonna be in next autumn and now well
no I don't have time I'm too busy doing
your jobs oh I'm kidding I'm kidding
look keep up the good work because I am
going on vacation
heads up Nick Fury is calling you I
don't really want to talk to me resolve
why because if you don't talk to a man I
have to talk I don't want to talk about
you sent Nick Fury to voicemail I gotta
go you do not dose Nick Fury alerts
what's up
we're just talking about the trip I'm
here in San Marco Polo's oh I think MJ
really likes me when I first went alone
you're a very difficult person to
contact spider-man
this is mr. Beck we're gonna use someone
like you on my world new world Beck is
from Earth just not out the snap to our
home in our dimension we have a job to
do you're coming with us
it's gotta be something else you can use
what about Thor offworld captain burns
unavailable but who's defending
neighborhood spider-man
[ __ ] please you've been to space what
do you want Peter I want to go back on
my trip with the girl who I really liked
you tell her how I feel
MJ I am spider-man no of course not
I mean it's kind of obvious right you
may not be ready but this is my
responsibility
saving the world requires sacrifice
sometimes people die
Stowers feel like I'm putting my friends
in danger
the world needs next Ironman you going
to step up a knot
[Music]
here I work with spider-man do one for
spider-man
I won't win spider-man not for
you can't control what's mine I can't
control yours
so you can keep the stick
for yourself reminding yourself
[Music]